Now let us start the section on copy semantics with a small example.
Imagine that you have written a class which has two data members.
The first is a plain integer and it lives on the stack,
and the other is a point of character and
refers to a string on the heap on the other hand.
After you have created an instance of your class with it's two members,
you are creating a copy of it,
for example, using the assignment operator.
Now what happens when this copy is created, well,
if you use the default assignment operator,
it will duplicate all the member variables inside the object.
This means that there will now be a duplicate of
your integer and duplicate of your pointer to character.
The potential problem here is that the pointer copy
refers to the same memory on the heap,
and if you change the content of this memory in one instance,
the other instance will see this change as well.
Maybe this is what you wanted all along but maybe it's also not.
In this case, you would have to implement your own copying policy
by overloading the copy constructor and the assignment operator,
and after then perform a deep copy of all the members you have in your class.
This is what this section is all about,
overloading copy functions and implementing
your own memory management policy. Now let's take a look.